Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so could you please do me your complete name,
Robert Russell: Robert Russell.
Jocelyn Corrales: Out. Okay, that's great. And your date of birth.
Jocelyn Corrales: And 28 411 28 four. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: He got your chart. So what are we, what we're going to do today is that we're going to discuss about what you're doing.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know in your everyday life what you usually do in what's working out for you and what's not working out for you. So let's start with your activities of daily living. So
Jocelyn Corrales: When you say activities of daily living. Let's say about getting out of bed bailing showering brushing your teeth, putting on clothes eating, sleeping being active exercising and managing pain if in case you're in pain. So how do you do with your day to day activities.
Robert Russell: I wake up in the morning like about five o'clock, and then I get out of bed and then wait around until like six o'clock and then my daughter gets up, so get up, we eat breakfast. Wash your hands brush our teeth and then
Robert Russell: My other and then my other daughter, I have my other daughter. She just came in. So hurry. My girlfriend. Get up around seven or eight and
Robert Russell: I was working, but now I'm not
Robert Russell: So I just stay around the house and we just hang out and watch movies or play Xbox and
Robert Russell: Wait till it and then shower at night.
Robert Russell: So we're just
Robert Russell: Pretty much just play all day and chill.
Robert Russell: Got to I got a one year old and a two year old a
Ticket with all day. Oh.
Robert Russell: My days I'm never not busy. I'm always doing something
Jocelyn Corrales: So what time. Be sure you sleep in it. After
Robert Russell: I go to bed at around nine o'clock.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay that's good to hear that you sleep with early and you wake up early.
Jocelyn Corrales: Go to bed at 9pm and what's the reason why you don't have a job right now. Is it because of the current pandemic, you know, okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: rotavirus okay is it temporary
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Robert Russell: Deployment so
Robert Russell: Until I get my job back so I'm all right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's good. That's good to hear. Yeah, I heard about that a lot of stores are temporarily closing down because it's endemic in, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's, you know. It's crazy out there at least you're staying at home and you're not, you know, trying to try to avoid going outside. You know, if you go outside these we're mass are protected so
Robert Russell: Yeah, that's right. A lot of stuff going to like the job site or curbside assistance so last door just open up a little bit more so.
Jocelyn Corrales: Certainly it
Robert Russell: Would be back to the group, a little bit.
Jocelyn Corrales: You do online. A, is that really goes is that connected to your current job.
Robert Russell: Yeah, I was working at Walmart so
Robert Russell: So my I just stopped working because I have like I have like underlying health issues. So, and then
Jocelyn Corrales: Lastly, my
Robert Russell: My girlfriend works so
Robert Russell: I stayed home so I can get my job back whenever so
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and you're taking care of the kids right now. So you have a one year old and a two year old right
Robert Russell: Right. But yes, ma'am. And then, and then I have to step kids, but they're currently at their fathers for next couple weeks but yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: And how old are your step kids.
Robert Russell: Or six and
Jocelyn Corrales: 806 any useful both girl.
Robert Russell: The girl. One's a girl. The six year old Madison is six and then Jason is a boy. The boy he's eight
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and your daughters and your kids are all girls.
Robert Russell: Yeah, minor get mine is Erica. She's the two year old and dad. These the one year old.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay that's good to hear. And do you exercise.
Robert Russell: I'm not like I don't like to the gym or nothing like that. But I mean I don't just sit around all day, for sure. I'm definitely, I definitely came our cardio up for sure my cardiovascular workout. So
Robert Russell: I am yeah but I think I'm
Robert Russell: Getting some sort of like a workout regimen going like, get a workout venture or something.
Robert Russell: Oh, what am I
Jocelyn Corrales: So you. So you mentioned you have a card heart condition, something like that.
Robert Russell: Oh, no, no, no, no. I said, no, I have liver, I have hep C, but I just do I work out saying I have stairs in my house I run downstairs.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, you can. Do you know that's also a way of exercising going up and down the stairs repeatedly
Jocelyn Corrales: Is you know what to do, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, we could include that in your in our plan to exercise. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you don't need to go to the gym to exercise you can actually do it at home.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know there are some. There are many routines that you can do do like you can do sit ups you could do walking you know you have stairs. You go up and down the stairs, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe five to 10 times
Jocelyn Corrales: As part of your exercise that is just for you know keeping you healthy and keeping your feet.
Yes, ma'am.
Jocelyn Corrales: For a while I'm still typing.
Okay.
Me see
Jocelyn Corrales: And what do you like to do, like for example. What are your hobbies, aside from playing
Robert Russell: I like to
Robert Russell: play basketball.
Robert Russell: Or go hiking.
Robert Russell: teaching my son how to skateboard.
Robert Russell: Stuff like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, you
Robert Russell: Taking my dog to the park.
Dogs.
Jocelyn Corrales: You do activities.
Jocelyn Corrales: Know for your seeds, you're staying at home. Do you do activities, your little girls like for example, do some graphs or do some you know blocks and, you know,
Robert Russell: Yeah, we do see like I like we have a bubble machine we make
Robert Russell: Like oh, or something like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's good, that's good.
Robert Russell: I have like
Robert Russell: Remote control like stuff that take you right inside the house like unicorns and if we on that and they have a ball pit in here.
Robert Russell: I got lucky.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, maybe you could do some activities like you know so that they would learn at least the basic you know letters or color, especially for the what you're old you know
Jocelyn Corrales: You could let her play some balls or blocks. You know what the one year old usually does with blocks is that, you know, at least try to let her stock the blacks blocks, you can let her play that you know for you know what our development and
Robert Russell: her little sister, my two year old. She's gonna be three in August, so
Robert Russell: Talk. Well, good. She like she blow your mind. If you heard her talk like chicken.
Robert Russell: Like those ones catching on. So it's helped her out.
Robert Russell: And they get along.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, that's good, that's good. And the little that you know the one year old could learn a lot from her sister.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and he
Jocelyn Corrales: Started doing
Robert Russell: motor skills like all she has all her toys at Tell her 123 and like the
Colors.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's get
Jocelyn Corrales: She knows what colors are ready.
Robert Russell: She knows how to put the shapes in the
Robert Russell: night she gets down my one goes very smart.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good. And you could also actually create some activities like that, you know, like you could draw something or you know so that she could work on it, you know, let's get
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to your mental health. How do you do positive thinking, you know, how do you maintain your mood in emotions and how do you manage your stress.
Robert Russell: I my I usually talk to my girlfriend like she just I that's mainly my Allah is talking and then I have my medical marijuana card so
Robert Russell: Now I smell a lot too.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you talk you talk to your girlfriend.
Robert Russell: Yeah, like you just about whatever, like how I'm feeling or whatever, like any, like, we're really good at.
Robert Russell: Communicating so and I've been with her for going on for like three years. So we're pretty cool. So she asked me a lot. She's like my like my therapist on the side.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Robert Russell: But that then I take, I take a I take Prozac and then like I've been like working on my what I'm working on, since I got out of prison and I've been on going on a better three and a half, almost four years so
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good, like
Robert Russell: Like I got like the mind, the mindset that I am like I've been working on being the type of person that I am like like sober and
Robert Russell: Because I've been honest with both Suboxone for a while now for like a couple years but I went. So I've been doing good, and not ever since. Almost two years so
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good to hear. And having that positive mindset. You know, you know, always being positive that you get better, you know,
Robert Russell: Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: And think
Jocelyn Corrales: And think about your kids, you know, what would they think about you. If you go back to those bad habits and it's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's good that
Robert Russell: We made it. And I barely went and picked my other the two year old. She didn't live with me until like a couple weeks ago we barely got her from her mom in
Robert Russell: As tech. A couple weeks ago so like the things I've accumulated. Now like I didn't have. I have my own house and car all my needs and stuff so
Jocelyn Corrales: And right now, everything is doing well for you and doing good, because you have yes because of your of the change. It's a positive change.
Robert Russell: That's right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. So would you say that bright heart health has been very helpful to you. Your therapies.
Robert Russell: In your eyes in the last year and a half time period right heart is whenever I came to the level that I've came of being successful and sober and because I was getting Suboxone from the streets and it was a heading now.
Robert Russell: In yellow to go
Robert Russell: Know that I have no worries on how you my Suboxone
Robert Russell: And then having therapy and then having those that I have accumulated from this place. It helps me out tremendously. I give it like 75% of the credit to why I am where I am.
Robert Russell: And then 25% needs because I've been getting after it, but
Robert Russell: And now to I'm almost because I started off.
Robert Russell: I think I 24 milligrams or 16 milligrams. When I first started, and now I'm like six milligrams
Jocelyn Corrales: Wow, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your, your tapering down. Let's actually tapering down and that's good until you're able to get off the medication, but these from 25 to 16 now to sick. And that's a good. That's a good. That's a good
Jocelyn Corrales: Development.
Robert Russell: Yeah, I got some now pretty soon, I'd be down to do a safe dose and then get down all the way off eventually.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good. That's good to hear. And you're being positive about it.
Yes, ma'am.
Jocelyn Corrales: And that your territories are also very helpful.
Robert Russell: Very helpful. Yes, ma'am. I know I tend to reschedule I but I do get a lot out of them.
Jocelyn Corrales: And with regards to your spiritual self. Do you consider yourself a spiritual person or religious person.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you in any way connected with any religious organization or are you religious also
Robert Russell: No, I'm not in a church. I'm just a Christian.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you read the Bible.
Robert Russell: I do
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm by record, but you just don't attend services like
Robert Russell: Right now, there's no services, we weren't going to a service, right now it's all online because the services got kind of because of the corona right
Jocelyn Corrales: So, so you're also attending church your
Jocelyn Corrales: Church, you
Robert Russell: It's a close
Robert Russell: Fight like a ministry of clothes like some like that. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay that's good to hear you attend church, read the Bible and currently because of the pandemic you attend online services.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's what they are currently doing.
Jocelyn Corrales: Right now. Same thing for me if
Jocelyn Corrales: I attend the online service.
Robert Russell: Oh, I'm hoping to go back to normal.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, sometimes what we do is that, you know, for fun, you would you would also dress up, you know, and take a picture of self and send it to the group chat you know this, like you're doing when you're
Jocelyn Corrales: When you're going to the church. We also have, you know, take a picture of yourself, you know, to inspire other Members.
Robert Russell: Yes, that's good idea like you dress up like if you're gonna go in and take pictures.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, and you're going to share to the group, you know, just to inspire people inspire you know
Robert Russell: I think we'll try that this week.
Jocelyn Corrales: We actually did that just last week, you know, we were encouraged to you and why not just up like as if you're going to church, you know,
Robert Russell: Yeah, it's funny. I'm going to do it.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's good that you're attending church and you bring your kids with you.
Jocelyn Corrales: To church that's, you know, it's a good start. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And would you say that
Jocelyn Corrales: Praying helps a lot with your current situation.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so we regards to social relationship you have you leave with your girlfriend.
Robert Russell: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is that your own home.
Robert Russell: You know we rent right now.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your two kids.
Robert Russell: Yeah.
Robert Russell: For kids to right now before because her. That's her too. She has the two kids. Prior to me that are with their father string, no more weeks and then they're with us.
Jocelyn Corrales: But usually they stay with you, your step kids.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, we there. We better
Robert Russell: Yeah, they just want him for the last week and they got for three weeks, and I'll be working with us for the rest of time.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you have a good relationship with your girlfriend, your kids. And do you have a good relationship with also with her previous relationship or your previous relationship.
Robert Russell: Yes, we all get along. Even her boyfriend.
Robert Russell: ex boyfriend.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you mentioned that
Jocelyn Corrales: Your
Jocelyn Corrales: Three year old almost three year old child has a different mother.
Robert Russell: Different mother. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're you go alone. You know, you get along with her mother also
Robert Russell: Yes, we
Robert Russell: For speakers is no drama, so I can
Robert Russell: Say like we all sit around and talk and my. Hey, how are you doing, and my dad just always only have the doctor when it involves my daughter so
And that's all
Robert Russell: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: As long as you know, you know, at least you have a good relationship with everyone. That's fine.
Robert Russell: That's like we said, you know, something bad mouth, your mom and they don't badmouth me. So we have a mutual agreement and
Keeping
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Yes, it's not good to bad mouth, your ex, you know, because you know your your child will hear about it and you know she's still your she's still your daughter's mother.
Robert Russell: That's right.
Robert Russell: Yes. Nice.
Jocelyn Corrales: And if you say something bad about her. It's like, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Your adult would probably feel bad about it if she hears that when she goes.
Robert Russell: And then, and I think
Robert Russell: She's smart enough to repeat it. She had no that's being mean to her mom so she forgot she say, Don't be mean to my mom and then Tyler
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you know, little kids. I like that like a parrot name they would repeat, whatever you tell them, are what they hear
Robert Russell: That occurred for little sister little sister is a snack on the face and pull hair saltire know and so, but I don't be mean to my daddy so
Robert Russell: Funny. She knows what is
Robert Russell: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's good. That's good to hear. And do you have friends.
Robert Russell: My girlfriend has friends that she has like a Fred have babies that come over and children parking hang out, but like I thought I had my brother. He just recently was released after serving 11 years and he's been out for like six months so
Robert Russell: And then my dad to lose her and close so I moved here and prior to this last year and a half of being around him. I hadn't seen him for like 10 years so
Jocelyn Corrales: So are you communicating with your you're communicating with your father in your brother nowadays.
Robert Russell: My step mom. Yeah.
Robert Russell: And then my step sister.
Robert Russell: Yeah, kids a lot
Jocelyn Corrales: And B are very
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, supportive of you.
Robert Russell: Yes, there are there and they don't. They definitely understand who I was and who I am now there are definitely supportive and then and very involved in my life.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay that's good to hear. So
Jocelyn Corrales: You currently don't have, you know, friends, like you know your own friends.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or you have me
Robert Russell: I mean, I just got out there like that my PTSD, like it's it's pretty hardcore with people wanting to be my friend because I hear a lot
Robert Russell: But like when I was at work and stuff like I have to buy talk to our
Robert Russell: Stuff. So like, but I was not
Jocelyn Corrales: A casual friends. Yeah.
Robert Russell: I mean, if I like if I need a favor. Something I people I call, are you doing
Something. Yeah.
Robert Russell: Right now nobody saw
Robert Russell: My out
Jocelyn Corrales: And you have a good relationship with your coworkers.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: So currently, you're not working.
Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Get that up and Demi
Jocelyn Corrales: But you can come back anytime you want.
Robert Russell: Right. Yes. And I'm pretty sure that in next week or so I'm going to record.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's a good thing I still I was still able to talk to, you know, in schedule you for a meeting because by the time you go back to work. It would be very difficult to schedule you for a session.
Robert Russell: But yeah, in NASA or anything. It's hard was a sleeping in China do that stuff, but I got a pretty good cuz I work whenever I go work I'm oh I work from 10 at night till seven in the morning.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, OK.
Jocelyn Corrales: I wait. So this way.
Jocelyn Corrales: So it's because you work sometimes until early in the morning. It's very difficult for you to find sleep or find time to sleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because you weren't integrated. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you also work graveyard when you were still working.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And with regards to your financial, are you able to provide for your needs.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you manage your finances and are you able to be for your bills.
Robert Russell: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you the one managing your finances.
Jocelyn Corrales: you meditate with your girlfriend.
Robert Russell: My manager my girlfriend.
Robert Russell: You could just, um, She's The Boss, and I'm just a
Robert Russell: Cobalt site that's cool.
Robert Russell: You know what she did enough
Robert Russell: I'm not going to try to fix it. If it's not broke and he knows it for three years.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's true, that's true.
Jocelyn Corrales: And that's based on something when it went from the start date is not broken. And, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: This like what they said, you know, the, the key to a happy relationship is that when you keep your wife, of course, your girlfriend happy.
Jocelyn Corrales: It makes everyone happy, you know,
Robert Russell: Arsenal, and it does work.
Robert Russell: She's happy and
Robert Russell: Everybody's happy. Everybody's happy because when she's mentioned everybody's moving. That's it.
Robert Russell: Yeah, a little bit crazier. Now look at, oh my god.
Robert Russell: Okay, thank you.
Robert Russell: Awesome.
Robert Russell: You're right.
Robert Russell: Now,
Robert Russell: Shy
Shy
Jocelyn Corrales: Hi, Debbie. She's the one year old.
Robert Russell: Or 16 months old.
Robert Russell: Watch out of the blue and yo
Robert Russell: All right. Did you guys get the bird back. Now it's under the couch. Again, I'm gonna factory dead. It's no good. No more. Sounds good. Thank you.
Robert Russell: All right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so let's continue on. So you've mentioned about what's working out for you. Could you tell me what seems to be not working well for you, like, for example, because right now you're telling me that you're able to sleep well.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, what seems to be
Robert Russell: What
Robert Russell: Is whenever I get overwhelmed take on too much at once, or don't take like like have like a task, and I don't like I like in
Robert Russell: A span of time, but in my head. I just try to rush and do everything that we met but so to prioritize and time management. That's what, that's what's not been working for me. So, but I am getting I'm getting into under wraps.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. So it's so what's that going well for you right now it's time management.
Robert Russell: Right. Yeah, maybe. Time management definitely that's, I mean,
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like you have so many things to do it that you're not able to do it all because you know you're not able to manage it well.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe we could do that. We could include that in the plan. So what we're going to do is that for you to be able to manage your time. Can you list down all the things that you know
Jocelyn Corrales: That you need to do in a day. Like, for example, you need to, you know, it starts from waking up and what are the possible activities that you need to do so.
Jocelyn Corrales: For you to be able to manage your time and to do all the chores and tasks that you need to do you need to list it out.
Jocelyn Corrales: And try to stick on the plan. Like, for example, you know, sometimes you know there are times that you're going to play.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just in case you have to take care of the kids and play. You could actually you also include that in your list little a time. So just in case you get interrupted because you know of
Jocelyn Corrales: Changes in your plans are in your playtime you could, you know, just rearrange that
Jocelyn Corrales: The plan that you have for the day. So try to list out the things that you need to do.
Jocelyn Corrales: So there are actually some chores that this not need to be done in a day. You know, like for example, there are some charts that has to be done every week. So you could actually schedule that so that you could know
Jocelyn Corrales: Do those things and I think you've mentioned that you've been playing computer games or Xbox.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could limit your time.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, you could limit your time playing with it. Probably 30 minutes to an hour and also just to discipline your kids, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: It's that good to be playing all the time. And once the kids gets used to playing, you know, they wouldn't stop playing and it would be playing the whole day every day and it would also tempt us playing. So maybe you time yourself you know for you to be able to do more in a day.
Jocelyn Corrales: Try to limit your time playing games, but it's okay to play games, but not but not too long. Maybe you've been dead.
Jocelyn Corrales: For that
Robert Russell: Definitely, I definitely know
Robert Russell: So I definitely a lot and we because we say my oldest son that we just got out of that. Like he used to cry like throw it when you got to put the game away. So we definitely we have that time management on that on your
Robert Russell: Yeah, we got that because that was a nightmare. I didn't get rid of that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, that's good, that's good. You have to time it, like for example you're you're allowed to play, but only 30 minutes or just an art. And after that, we'll stop it. So, you know, until he gets used to it.
Jocelyn Corrales: And also, do you watch TV a lot or this your son, your kids watch
Robert Russell: We don't, we don't watch that much TV. I mean, now just because things are because we're house rating as a little bit different. They gotta but they have like they go to school online everything now. They got lat laptops.
Robert Russell: So they're kind of like forced front of a screen right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, because you know that's that's for educational purposes. That's fine.
Robert Russell: Yeah, so, so they do that, they go, they do that for a few hours a day, and then they have homework that they have. And then, and then. So now we're not just always on.
Jocelyn Corrales: Stuff like that was good.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good. It gets keep BC and you know you are able to chew through them at the same time and guide them with their studies.
Jocelyn Corrales: So with regards to your emotions or moods, is it it's working out well for you, right, or I dare dare or sometimes that these does. He does not work for you.
Robert Russell: My move. So sometimes they don't work for me. But for the most part it is
Robert Russell: Like I'm
Robert Russell: I'm learning how to control it.
Go.
Jocelyn Corrales: Into this
Jocelyn Corrales: Just run away like that.
Robert Russell: takes off.
Robert Russell: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And, you know, and she will
Jocelyn Corrales: And when she wants your attention she goes back again.
Robert Russell: As long as I can hear.
Robert Russell: You
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so we progress through your spiritual self, you've mentioned your question.
Robert Russell: And you go to church.
Jocelyn Corrales: I don't think you have any problem with that.
Jocelyn Corrales: No. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And regards to your social relationship. I think you're, you know, it's getting better than it was before you're you've been in contact with your family and you have a good
Jocelyn Corrales: working relationship with your coworkers and a good relationship with your girlfriend and your ex girlfriend or her ex boyfriend.
Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: So with regards to financial stability. Do you have some problems with regards to that. Or everything's working out well for you.
Robert Russell: What we're finding because she's still working in. Like I said, I get unemployment or we're good.
Robert Russell: She still works for me.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's good. So let's start with your routine. I'm not going to change your morning routine because you wake up early already maybe your step kids.
Jocelyn Corrales: Should also wake up early, just like you do, maybe six
Robert Russell: Well, they got to get up early to go to school. So they gotta wait
Yes, like
Jocelyn Corrales: So what what what what type of their classes. I think they're having online classes or they're having early in the morning also their online classes.
Robert Russell: Staff some at eight and then they have some at nine and it depends on the teacher, it's not
Robert Russell: All one teacher, sometimes in different
Robert Russell: Class.
Jocelyn Corrales: That I think they should wake up early, instead of we can
Jocelyn Corrales: Do in the morning.
Jocelyn Corrales: But I think your team is skewed already
Robert Russell: Yeah, just in case we get back to school.
Robert Russell: Yes.
Robert Russell: It's a, it's a, even in the summertime they they have a certain routine so
Robert Russell: They're. They're good.
Ronnie.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think your girls already have the return because you mentioned that you wake up the same time your girls little girls.
Robert Russell: Yeah, the young ones, they definitely do to they wake up with me. So go to bed.
Jocelyn Corrales: We'd be good to eating. Are you able to eat three times today and snacks also
Robert Russell: Now I just mainly stack all day.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, so you don't eat meals, you just eat snacks.
Robert Russell: I mean, if I mean if there was a meal there. I mean, not really because I'm in. I'm not hungry. So that's kind of messed up because we aren't we do kind of eat based off my appetite.
Robert Russell: Like the kids get meals and stuff, but I just, I don't know. I just don't really, I need to get my teeth fixed. I think a lot of it.
Robert Russell: So it's real difficult for me so I don't like to go through the trouble and I'm worried, it's a it's a rock and a hard spot man because I'm petrified of going to the dentist, because I had to get for what I need done
Robert Russell: I'm after he couldn't sleep.
Robert Russell: So I don't
Robert Russell: I don't grasp the concept of how cuz sometimes I have a hard time going to sleep as this. I just in my head, I can grasp the concept of how I would count backwards to any amount of numbers and fall asleep from some gas, it's
Jocelyn Corrales: Also
Jocelyn Corrales: And you also know that this
Jocelyn Corrales: Is
Robert Russell: My sister. He soon, stuff like that. And like, and like, if I can grab like grab a grasp that concept or if I can, like, get on board. I like somewhat understand what it is. I'm like, hell yeah i just i just can't get with getting gas now.
Jocelyn Corrales: I don't know, just, yeah, right.
Jocelyn Corrales: And that's why you don't like going to the dentist.
Robert Russell: That's right and use it as like, it's like the normal human like I like have come like a little bit immune to tooth pain like no bullshit man because like I have
Robert Russell: Like, like, like I've had two panes. I'm trying to shift. So, but I still have them. But I'm saying, like, I like like I need like not just one tooth. I got like 73rd like
Robert Russell: By broke to the root, like it's bad, but I'll be all right. I didn't know I learned how to eat certain things and I got a bunch of no means stuff so
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so that's why instead of eating a complete. So if you're
Robert Russell: Going to eat a
Jocelyn Corrales: Meal, it's going to be painful.
Robert Russell: Right, it is
Jocelyn Corrales: At least try.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe soft stuff or maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: Like a sheet like you know
Robert Russell: I'd like I do eat like that or like a, like, like mashed potatoes or yogurts
Or
Robert Russell: Yeah. Damn, I am real picky man because
Robert Russell: Yeah, my taste. I plus i, because I did do I was incarcerated. I was locked up for nine and a half years consecutively. So I did nine and a half years.
Robert Russell: Flat. So learning how he couldn't. You don't want to eat that food in there. Sometimes, man. So learning how to eat and survive off of eating snacks and shit. I, I became a an Olympic gold medalist at that
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you don't consider going to the dentist to have your teeth.
Robert Russell: Know, yeah, we're almost there. I've made I've made enough appointments to where the dentist or get mad. Tell me if I do it again and I can help me out to where I know that
Jocelyn Corrales: I gotta go.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, so that he can
Jocelyn Corrales: He can eat normal meals unity.
Robert Russell: But see the sacking of success. I'm at all my teeth. Gotta go. Like, I'm going to get all my teeth gone
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh,
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, but
Jocelyn Corrales: You just have to use denture spin
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, but the advantage of it is that you don't feel the pain and the more
Robert Russell: That's right.
Robert Russell: I got
Robert Russell: One left to be pulled. So that's why I'm freaking out and so
Robert Russell: Because I had, I
Robert Russell: Had, like I had like nine or 10 to know about 70 move remove
Robert Russell: My it just gave you the shots.
Robert Russell: And I seen how took to go through that to get those teeth out
Robert Russell: So I can, I can imagine the other like 20 something on it. Like, that's why I freaked out.
Jocelyn Corrales: Wake up, do it on an installment basis when they have your teeth, you know, remove, like for example, you're going to have your teeth removed, maybe a few teeth today. Then a few teeth. A month after and a
Robert Russell: Few i think i think that's why now that and then I gotta get into that and I got I got all that you stop now because I live in Clovis, New Mexico.
Robert Russell: I gotta drive to Albuquerque for this to get the
Robert Russell: Movie and all that and the gas out like that.
Robert Russell: So that's why I got to get that my next my next appointment stuff. I'm going to happen to make it because it's going to
Jocelyn Corrales: Be a true yeah yeah today, are you going to do it one time at least tied to do. Yes.
Robert Russell: It's a one time. That's why I'm this Psyching myself up. I'm almost there, because nobody can deal with it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah yeah i think i hope you feel better than after your, you know, dental appointment and I'm sure you just stay positive. You know, it may be scary at first, but you
Know,
Jocelyn Corrales: He's going to be really of the theme.
Robert Russell: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: So for the meantime.
Jocelyn Corrales: For the meantime because you're not able to eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: Well maybe try to eat healthy shakes. You know, like fruit and vegetable that they mix in. And you know, I think for protein. I think you could eat eggs. I think that's sorry
Jocelyn Corrales: It's not hard. Instead of eating a meal, you know, a hard time to meet baby could eat eggs.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Robert Russell: Try that. I gotta do that.
Uh huh.
Robert Russell: Like rice, rice and
Robert Russell: Yeah, then hamburgers are pretty easy, cuz like
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, you can you can still eat hamburgers.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah okay but
Robert Russell: Anyway, so I'm all right.
Jocelyn Corrales: But what I wanted to do, because you've mentioned
Robert Russell: That you
Robert Russell: Are having a
Jocelyn Corrales: Hard time planning your day or time management.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think you have to plan your meal times. Like, for example,
Jocelyn Corrales: This is not actually only for you, but also for your kids to that they would have a routine in their meal times
Jocelyn Corrales: Right. Yes. So you have to, you know, even if you're just only taking shape or just eating, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Potatoes and
Jocelyn Corrales: Show thrice or, you know, other stuff instead of money from time to time basis, while I tried to schedule it on a
Breakfast.
Jocelyn Corrales: eater, we've
Jocelyn Corrales: Become a routine for the kids.
Robert Russell: Right. I like the yes and we do the snacks are snacks and stuff. We like bananas and
Robert Russell: Yeah, yogurt, and like
Robert Russell: Like because my my girlfriend, she's like, I know like on a day to remember. But like, we're really
Jocelyn Corrales: Also I help
Robert Russell: You
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, the agenda.
Robert Russell: Today juice ninja. Yeah, great.
Robert Russell: Snacks and I
Robert Russell: Have some cheesy and yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: And that's good. Also, because those
Jocelyn Corrales: Those things are actually soft and it's easier for you to eat in his bed.
Robert Russell: Yes, that's the thing is, I still have good bowel movements and stuff like that. So I feel
Robert Russell: Good like that I see something right
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Very thing. Well, I think you're eating well, just
Jocelyn Corrales: Try to plan it on a schedule on a correct scheduled time and on a team time
Robert Russell: Yeah yeah that is willing to help out a lot. Then I can then it wouldn't seem like a snack. Yes, what I need for a meal.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, if you're hungry, just eat a snack. But, you know, just, just make sure that you have your breakfast, lunch and dinner set up and you know in between. Of course, you feel hungry. That's why you have snacks in between can eat snacks. You want to feel hungry.
Jocelyn Corrales: So let's include that in the plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: And make sure you list down all the things that you need to do. So you include in your plan your breakfast, lunch and dinner and snacks and your different activities and chores.
Jocelyn Corrales: So that you'll be able to manage your time properly until you're able to get
Jocelyn Corrales: To it. So let's try making a weekly land first. Then after doing your weekly plan try today.
Jocelyn Corrales: To make
Jocelyn Corrales: Up your routine daily glad
Jocelyn Corrales: You had to do it every day.
Jocelyn Corrales: So we could include exercise. I think you've mentioned that you don't do exercise, but you do go up and go up and down the stairs. So we can do that exercise going up and down the stairs.
Robert Russell: Yes, I can. We're going to bring
Jocelyn Corrales: This to make you fit and just to make you also, you know, just to make you sit in just to make you feel ready
Jocelyn Corrales: For your surgery, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: keep you healthy
Robert Russell: Nothing.
Robert Russell: Alright.
Robert Russell: Catherine
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you also play music
Robert Russell: No, I just push play on the radio.
Robert Russell: All right.
Robert Russell: Question.
Robert Russell: Where is he,
Robert Russell: Oh my god.
Robert Russell: You
Robert Russell: Look,
Robert Russell: Good.
Robert Russell: Morning.
Robert Russell: Good evening.
Robert Russell: Inside get inside right now it's your
Robert Russell: Job.
Robert Russell: Right.
Job.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is that your dog.
Robert Russell: My dog very spiky hair.
Robert Russell: He got
Robert Russell: Elevated
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, so you're trying to get the bird out
Robert Russell: But we got the dog he did
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh,
Robert Russell: I'm just trying to keep the bird dog from eating the bird. He didn't eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay that's good to hear.
Jocelyn Corrales: So,
Robert Russell: birdie.
Robert Russell: Okay, are we good now. Yes, ma'am.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so let me share my screen to you so that you could see the plan that I have listed that is appropriate for your situation.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: I have written here what's working out for you and what's not working out for you. I'll just
Jocelyn Corrales: Show. I'll just edit this later on I just put in
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, the important things in this area in with regards to routine waking up. I think you don't have a problem with waking up and sleeping. Nowadays, maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: The problem goes goes in, when you know you are not able to manage your time and you're also, you also have a problem with your routine or eating routinely or routine diet.
So,
Jocelyn Corrales: I have included here in the plans you have plans, going to the dentist. So what I suggest because you are not yet you have not undergone surgery yet and you're still in pain.
Jocelyn Corrales: Soft food.
Jocelyn Corrales: And eggs.
Jocelyn Corrales: And healthy and unhealthy meals and healthy.
Healthy food.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh,
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like a siren alright alarm.
Robert Russell: Oh yeah, I'm sorry. Yes. Where's not from here. So we don't really know, but I just know that cuz I had it's like
Robert Russell: A warning sign for town, you're saying that's
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually here.
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually here like, you know, some alarm or something like that.
Robert Russell: Yeah. So yeah.
Robert Russell: So we're just making sure that they're not going to come
Jocelyn Corrales: So even here the plan for eating is
Jocelyn Corrales: Make a plan in it.
Jocelyn Corrales: On a routine. Time for breakfast, or if he even if you're just eating shake or, you know, eating potatoes. Make it a habit to eat it on a specific time for breakfast, lunch and dinner and include your kids waited so that you know you could also set their meal times
Jocelyn Corrales: On a routine. And of course,
Jocelyn Corrales: Put snacks in between.
Jocelyn Corrales: Those
Jocelyn Corrales: In between lunch and breakfast and lunch.
Jocelyn Corrales: And in between lunch and dinner.
Jocelyn Corrales: And, you know, and you mentioned to me that you're eating healthy snacks and that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: For you to
Jocelyn Corrales: Activities of daily living. So exercise. So at least going up and down the stairs.
Robert Russell: As an exercise.
And
Jocelyn Corrales: You could also do routine exercise at home. Other routine exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: Routine basic exercise at home.
Jocelyn Corrales: I have included here to make for you to make a weekly plan as I
Jocelyn Corrales: Also
Jocelyn Corrales: Make a list of you of what to do for today.
Robert Russell: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Make a list of what we make a weekly plan and make a list of what to do during the day.
Jocelyn Corrales: So it's, it would be like your routine daily thing so you don't need to make a list every day, so it's
Jocelyn Corrales: Just like a guide for you to do.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: So I only also included in the activities because you know you have to do you have to do me a weekly plan and list of activities limit the time on playing with the Xbox.
Jocelyn Corrales: I do some educational stuff, you know, do some educational activities.
Robert Russell: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Such as crafts for your for the little kids.
Robert Russell: Drawing, yes.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I like the idea when you mentioned to me that you're making clay. Yeah, that's instead of, instead of buying out the clay you teach them how to make a clay and of course they would play with the clay.
Robert Russell: Exactly.
Jocelyn Corrales: And also that would also take your time of, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, some thinking so it will take your mind off something
Jocelyn Corrales: And keep you busy.
Robert Russell: Busy, yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, and it will keep your mind, have you know some thing, thinking about a lot of things, at least, you know, do some craft, you could actually search for craft things to do in the internet, like for example paper crafts.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know activities like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: And also me
Jocelyn Corrales: You could do so.
Robert Russell: I do like balloon balloon animals, turn on all that stuff origami. Oh.
Robert Russell: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh yeah, you could teach your
Jocelyn Corrales: The bigger kids and how to do origami.
Robert Russell: Magic to my girlfriend can do it. She's pretty smart.
Robert Russell: Johnny has one
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you sleep early so we'll just stick on that weekly plan before we do some major things to do, because I think your main problem is time management.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you really have to make a weekly plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you make a list.
Jocelyn Corrales: Of your routine daily activities and also important thing your meal, your routine meals and you know activities. So I don't know if you can see that land.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm just going to edit this. But, you know, everything will be around this things that I have written here and I'm going to reveal week i'm gonna i'm going to check on you again in
Jocelyn Corrales: In 30 days.
Jocelyn Corrales: I hope you still have the time and the support people are bright heart health staffs
Jocelyn Corrales: In your family.
Jocelyn Corrales: That includes your money's a family, your girlfriend.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your step mother, your father, your brother and your kids.
Robert Russell: Yes, ma'am.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have a good support that church.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because she mentioned to me. You go to church.
Robert Russell: Yes, I do. But I accept my Italian got the churches, I
Robert Russell: Met a couple at work.
Jocelyn Corrales: So, oh,
Robert Russell: Yeah yeah
Robert Russell: It's like only like brand new like since we
Robert Russell: barely started there.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. I would also good friends because they are also considered friends.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're able to sign this one there. I'll just edit this and I'll send you a copy of this
Jocelyn Corrales: Once I have finalized this one I'm going to send you a copy of this plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me check if to
Jocelyn Corrales: Share to you the screen.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you able to control the mouse and sign it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's see if you're able to do it.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think you're able to control it. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's
Robert Russell: Try
Robert Russell: And find so that he could sign it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me refresh it for you for a while. Let's
Robert Russell: Amen.
Jocelyn Corrales: So let me, let us do this again. Let's see.
Robert Russell: All right.
Robert Russell: Control Johnson's screen. Okay, here, all right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: And then you try to say
Robert Russell: Mouse hard. I tell
Jocelyn Corrales: You you sign it, you move it like you're, you know, you tried to press
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like you're citing using it. It's like your finger is your pen. When you sign
Robert Russell: This is not
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, see the bed now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Sometimes it takes time to reflect. Let's see. Let's try but if not, it's OK.
Robert Russell: To talk
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I also see the depth.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's fine.
I got
Robert Russell: My finger. I'll do the dot button. Whenever I go to sign my name is a piano movement. Nothing pops up.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's okay.
Robert Russell: All right, well, you can just do Dr you're tracking, I can confirm it.
Jocelyn Corrales: No, it's okay. I it's really not required for you to sign it, but it's it's better if you're able to sign up. But if not, it's, it's still okay no worries about that.
Jocelyn Corrales: So I'll just send you a copy once. I'll be able to finish the editing of this plan so that you have a copy. But don't forget whatever way you have led are talking about that.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're going to eat breakfast, lunch and dinner on a routine time even if it's only a shake or just like meals, make sure it's a routine time so that you could also set a routine for your kids.
Jocelyn Corrales: List down the things that you need to do in a week. So you have to do a weekly plan and a daily routine plan for you to be able to manage your time and limit your time playing with the X Box. I think you play with the Xbox or other computer games.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And so that you could also set a discipline to yourself, not only for yourself but also to your children as well.
Robert Russell: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, it was great talking to you. Russell. I'm going to check on you again.
Jocelyn Corrales: In the next 30 days and see how you're doing.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, I hope it's going well for you. Okay, thank you. So, have a great day.
Robert Russell: You too. Bye bye.
Bye.